1
	"Hey Hey Baba, you are a horrible player"
	"Not as bad as you, Yagi"
	"Maybe I should go shoot the ranger and take his Sharky shirt"
	"Good idea, I will take the pants"
	"Only one problem"
	"What's that?"
	"You can't shoot worth a damn,  You will never hit"
	"You are right, lets go look for a noob, instead"
2
	"Hey Baba, a noob just died.  Lets go get the loot"
	"Hey Yagi, Do you know what killed the noob"
	"I am not sure, must have been dangerous."
	"That sounds serious.  Maybe I will stay here and wait"
	"ok Baba, i will go for the loot"
3
	"Hey baba, when i went for the loot some bad stuff happened"
	"I went to the doctor with complications."
	"The doctor chopped off body parts and that isnt all"
	"The doctor tried to sell it back to me"
	"Be careful, the doctor isnt cheap"
	"She will sell your limbs in the Black Market"
4
	"Hey baba, I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high."
	"She seemed surprised."
5
	"Hey baba, I did tell my girlfriend Would you like to be the sun in my life? "
	"Her: Awww... Yes!!! "
	"Her: Good then stay 92.96 million miles away from me"
6
	"Why are frogs always so happy?"
	"They eat whatever bugs them"
7
	"Hay Yagi you remmeber you called me a tool."
	"Baba So I got hammered and nailed your girlfriend."
	"looklike Yagi was right. about the tool i can be one."
8
	"Boy: The principal is so dumb! "
	"Girl: Do you know who I am?" 
	"Girl: Do you know who I am?" 
	"Boy: No... "
	"Girl: I am the principal's daughter! "
	"Boy: Do you know who I am? "
	"Girl: No... "
	"Boy: Good! *Walks away*"
9
	"Two women are walking home from the bar,"
	"they both have to piss so they slip into a nearby cemetery."
	"One uses her panties to wipe herself,"
	"and the other uses a reef off a head stone."
	"Next night, the husbands meet at the bar,"
	"one looks at the other and says,"
	"I'm gonna have to watch my wife,"
	"she came home with no panties last night."
	"The other one says, Oh well,"
	"mine came home with a card wedged in her ass saying,"
	"You were loved and will be missed by the whole entire fire department."
10
	"A man asks a farmer near the field,"
	"Sorry sir, "
	"would you mind if I crossed your field instead of going around it?"
	"You see, I have to catch the 4:30 PM train." 
	"The farmer says, Sure, go right ahead. And if my bull sees you,"
	"you'll even catch the 4 PM one."
11
	"Dayz Doctor: I'm sorry "
	"but you suffer from a terminal illness "
	"and you only have 10 to live." 
	"Patient: What do you mean 10? 10 what? months? weeks? Doctor: 9, 8, 7..."
12
	"Dear Tech Support, Last year I upgraded from Boyfriend 5.0 to"
	"Husband 1.0 and noticed a distinct slow down in overall system performance"
	"particularly in the flower and jewelry applications,"
	"which operated flawlessly under Boyfriend 5.0. In addition,"
	"Husband 1.0 uninstalled many other valuable programs,"
	"such as Romance 9.5 and Personal Attention 6.5 and then installed"
	"undesirable programs such as NFL 5.0, NBA 3.0, and Golf Clubs 4.1."
	"Conversation 8.0 no longer runs, and Housecleaning 2.6"
	"simply crashes the system. I've tried running Nagging"
	"5.3 to fix these problems, but to no avail. What can I do?"
	"Signed, Desperate Dear Desperate, First keep in mind,"
	"Boyfriend 5.0 is an Entertainment Package,"
	"while Husband 1.0 is an Operating System. Please enter the command"
	"! http: I Thought You Loved Me.html"
	"and try to download Tears 6.2 and don't forget to install the Guilt 3.0 update."
	"If that application works as designed,"
	"Husband 1.0 should then automatically run the applications Jewelry 2.0"
	"and Flowers 3.5. But remember, overuse of the above application can cause Husband"
	"1.0 to default to Grumpy Silence 2.5, Happy Hour 7.0 or Beer 6.1."
	"Beer 6.1 is a very bad program that will download the Snoring Loudly Beta."
	"Whatever you do, DO NOT install Mother-in-law 1.0"
	"it runs a virus in the background that will eventually"
	"seize control of all your system resources."
	"Also, do not attempt to reinstall the Boyfriend 5.0 program."
	"These are unsupported applications and will crash Husband 1.0."
	"In summary, Husband 1.0 is a great program,"
	"but it does have limited memory and cannot learn new applications quickly."
	"You might consider buying additional software to improve memory and performance."
	"We recommend Food 3.0 and HotLingerie 7.7. Good Luck, Tech Support"
13
	"A teacher asks her class what their favorite letter is."
	"A student puts up his hand and says 'G."
	"The teacher walks over to him and says,"
	"Why is that, Angus?"
14
	"It was two o'clock in the morning and a husband and wife were sleeping"
	"when suddenly the phone rang."
	"The husband picked up the phone and said,"
	"Hello? (paused for a few seconds) How the heck do I know?"
	"What am I, the weather man?"
	"and slams the phone down. His wife rolls over and asks,"
	"Who was that?" 
	"The husband replies, I don't know."
	"Some guy who wanted to know if the coast was clear tonight."
15
	"A man came home to find his wife in bed with a stranger."
	"Husband - What the hell are you two doing?"
	"His wife turned to the stranger and said,"
	"See, I told you he was stupid."
16
	"Shit! My neighborhood barber just got arrested for selling drugs!"
	"I've been his customer for 4 years, but I had no idea he was a barber."
17
	"A guy walked up to me and asked me,"
	"How's life going?" 
	"I said, Not sure, can we meet up sometime"
	"unannounced to you and have me ask how's your life going?"
	"He said, No, I don't think so."
	"I said, Well, now you know what it feels like, you might as well"
	"have put me in front of a jury." 
	"He said, Well, I'm sorry I was busy talking to my friends"
	"and they dared me to talk to you."
	"To which I replied, Well, I was busy talking to your mom"
	"and she said that she doesn't want you to talk to random people"
	"anymore and call them your friends'"
18
	"Sam: Hey John! John: Hey! Sam:"
	"Did you know Microsoft just bought Skype for ten million dollars?"
	"John: Really!? John: Idiots.... They could have downloaded it for free."
19
	"Two terrorists walk into a bar."
	"The bartender asks what they are talking about."
	"Terrorist 1 - We are going to kill 14k people and a donkey."
	"Bartender- Why a donkey?"
	"Terrorist 2- See, I told you no one would care about the 14k people."
20
	"Two rich businessmen are walking as friends in a park."
	"The first businessman, whose name was Joe,"
	"discovered a pile of dog poop on the sidewalk."
	"He then told the other businessman,"
	"Jack, that if Jack ate the pile of poop he would give Jack a billion dollars."
	"Jack agreed, so he ate the pile of poop and gained a billion dollars."
	"Later, Jack saw another pile of poop on the grass."
	"He told Joe that if he ate it,"
	"he will give back the billion dollars."
	"Joe agreed because he didn't want to lose the money,"
	"and he did. Much later,"
	"the two men were all crying their eyes out because"
	"they both ate a pile of poop and didn't gain a cent!"
Done				